This photo also includes me. What a coincidence. There are so many photos of me.
Didn't I expect it to be so small?
Let me tell you, these two are a gift from God?
You and my brother didn't even know each other in high school.
Can there be so many photos together?
This is fate.
Of course, this is you too, right? Look.
It's true. It seems,
My brother has kept records of his youth.
I'm looking behind me.
Looking at it this way, my brother really loves taking pictures.
I have never seen a man who can take so many photos.
No, actually there are more photos that win awards.
Just keep your husband locked up
My wife won't help me
I went back
Then we'll go back first
Why did you come back so early today?
I'm not the kind of person who doesn't want to settle down.
I didn't say you were that kind of person
I feel like if I were the president
I might play some after get off work
Don't let your wife wait too long
Otherwise they will ask
Isn't my bedroom right there?
I'm not
Please give me your opinion first
Just a good thing to burn
There's nothing I can't show Madam